README.md, before:

# DXF 2 VR
A Django / Wagtail app that imports DXF files and renders Virtual Reality using A-Frame library.

### Install Wagtail app

The app can be cloned or downloaded from Github. Using a shell get into the project folder and type  `git clone https://github.com/andywar65/dxf2vr`. Add `dxf2vr` to the INSTALLED_APPS in your settings file. Migrate. The app's templates look for a `base.html` file, so be sure to have one.

### DXF constraints

Generate a DXF in ascii mode and don't try to modify it. DXF is a sequence of key / value pairs, and deleting just one line can break up everything. By now only 3Dfaces and standard blocks can be translated, other entities will just be ignored. Standard blocks may be found in `static/samples/blocks.dxf` bundled within the app: box, cylinder, cone and sphere. These mimic entities of the A-Frame library, with unit dimensions. Insert the block and scale it to the desired width, length and height, rotate it along the Z axis. DO NOT rotate along X and Y axis, the translation algorithm won't be able to handle this (help is appreciated on this subject). If you really need to rotate along X and Y axis, explode the block after the rotation: it will degrade to a series of 3D faces that can be handled (standard blocks only, the 3D faces are on a freezed layer). Create as many layers as you need, and place your entities on the desired one. Layers relate to the appearance of the entity, how it's explained in the next section.

In the next weeks I'm planning to include mesh translation, so stay tuned.

### Wagtail backend

Create a page of the `Dxf2Vr Page` kind. You will have to enter a Title and an Intro for the page, and an Equirectangular Image for the background (if none, a default one will be picked). Equirectangular images are like those planispheres where Greenland is bigger than Africa.

Then load the most important stuff: the DXF file. It will be stored in the `media/documents` folder. After that, you can create as many Material Gallery items as the layers used in the DXF file. Each material needs a Name that must match the layer name (default is `0`), an Image that will be applied to the entity and a Color. If the image is a 1x1 meter pattern, check the appropriate box. Default color is `white`, but you can use hexadecimal notation (like `#ffffff`) or standard HTML colors. Color affects appearance of the image.

Okay, now publish and go to the frontend to see how your model behaves.

### Interaction

The model window is embedded within your website, but you can go fullscreen by pressing `F` or the visor icon in the right bottom corner of the window. On some mobiles the image will be split in two, with stereoscopic effect. You will need one of those cardboard headgears to appreciate the effect. Press `ESC` to exit fullscreen mode. On laptops, if you want to look around, you have to press and drag the mouse. To move around press the `W-A-S-D` keys. On some mobiles you literally walk to explore the model, but I've never experienced that. Last but not least, press the `Ctrl+Alt+I` to 
enter the Inspector mode, that makes you inspect and modify the entities of the model. Modifications can be saved to HTML files.

Commit message:

fixed bug in plane rendering

README.md, after:

# DXF 2 VR
A Django / Wagtail app that imports DXF files and renders Virtual Reality using A-Frame library.

### Install Wagtail app

The app can be cloned or downloaded from Github. Using a shell get into the project folder and type  `git clone https://github.com/andywar65/dxf2vr`. Add `dxf2vr` to the INSTALLED_APPS in your settings file. Migrate. The app's templates look for a `base.html` file, so be sure to have one.

### DXF constraints

Generate a DXF in ascii mode and don't try to modify it. DXF is a sequence of key / value pairs, and deleting just one line can break up everything. By now only 3Dfaces and standard blocks can be translated, other entities will just be ignored. Standard blocks may be found in `static/samples/blocks.dxf` bundled within the app: box, cylinder, cone, sphere, circle and plane. These mimic entities of the A-Frame library, with unit dimensions. Insert the block and scale it to the desired width, length and height, rotate it along the Z axis. DO NOT rotate along X and Y axis, the translation algorithm won't be able to handle this (help is appreciated on this subject). If you really need to rotate along X and Y axis, explode the block after the rotation: it will degrade to a series of 3D faces that can be handled (standard blocks only, the 3D faces are on a freezed layer). Create as many layers as you need, and place your entities on the desired one. Layers relate to the appearance of the entity, how it's explained in the next section.

To include meshes, explode them to 3Dfaces (I know it's bad, but this is how it works by now). If you have an Acis solid, there is a longer way: export it as a 3DS file, import it as a mesh and explode it.

### Wagtail backend

Create a page of the `Dxf2Vr Page` kind. You will have to enter a Title and an Intro for the page, and an Equirectangular Image for the background (if none, a default one will be picked). Equirectangular images are like those planispheres where Greenland is bigger than Africa.

Then load the most important stuff: the DXF file. It will be stored in the `media/documents` folder. After that, you can create as many Material Gallery items as the layers used in the DXF file. Each material needs a Name that must match the layer name (default is `0`), an Image that will be applied to the entity and a Color. If the image is a 1x1 meter pattern, check the appropriate box. Default color is `white`, but you can use hexadecimal notation (like `#ffffff`) or standard HTML colors. Color affects appearance of the image.

Okay, now publish and go to the frontend to see how your model behaves.

### Interaction

The model window is embedded within your website, but you can go fullscreen by pressing `F` or the visor icon in the right bottom corner of the window. On some mobiles the image will be split in two, with stereoscopic effect. You will need one of those cardboard headgears to appreciate the effect. Press `ESC` to exit fullscreen mode. On laptops, if you want to look around, you have to press and drag the mouse. To move around press the `W-A-S-D` keys. On some mobiles you literally walk to explore the model, but I've never experienced that. Last but not least, press the `Ctrl+Alt+I` to 
enter the Inspector mode, that makes you inspect and modify the entities of the model. Modifications can be saved to HTML files.
